TODO

-3. dude fix README.
-2. WRITE PORTABLE CODE. --- PLUGINS, PLUG AND PLAY
-1. (Maybe use NeDB for Worker database to preserve last_state?)
-1.1. (Maybe implement timestamp check on computer? And check if timestamp is within X minute? if yes then load last_state?)

0. Complete 'calibrate_time.js', to calibrate scanned spawn's time, assuming user has turned on predict_time config.
1. Provide script that checks all the accounts in accounts.yaml for captchas.
2. Implement Captcha check (check [DONE] for more details)
3. Implement Hotswap accounts for capped accounts
4. Implement "REPL" for pasting token when solved captcha

5.1. REPL option to toggle 2captcha solving / manual solving, (also defaults on hotswap accounts)

6. Research for if Electron could be used to let the user solve the captcha and capture the token
(optionalDependencies, Nightmare.js)
(Webview of Electron)

7. Turn this project into modules
8. Use the same codebase and implement into "node-pogo-scanner-cdlm"
9.1 Shut this project down, or
9.2 Turn this project into a submodule.

[ROADPLAN] (Includes roadplan for node-pogo-scanner-cdlm, node-pogo-database-cdlm, node-pogo-contrib-cdlm and node-pogo-adapter-cdlm)

-1. Finish up contrib, which is the gateway for user submitted data.
-0.5. (Probably port part of this to Go? I don't know...)
0. Implement REPL, for full control of scanner.
1. Implement Proxy support, individually for each account / globally for every eccount.
2. Somehow Implement Tor Support. 
3. node-pogo-database-cdlm, regional database, with regional moderator.
4. Create adapters, for 
4.1. different scanners pumping data to database/websites/apps/maps 
4.2. pumping data to social networks such as Twitter, Telegram

[DONE]

0. Provide script that lets user turn ptc-acc-gen generated csv into yaml.
(Also separate acc from config.yaml -> accounts.yaml)
Note: run csv2yaml.js first.

1. Support for both Pokemon Trainer Club accounts AND Google accounts. 
Note: takes type in yaml.

2. Implement Captcha check
Note: Rudimentary captcha check, will implement electron popup solve / 2captcha solving, or append to "capped.csv"